---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/named-characters-and-beasts/important-characters/ebis-daro/","tags":["NPC","Important"],"noteIcon":"","created":"2024-08-17T19:38:33.000+01:00","updated":"2024-12-31T22:33:31.097+00:00"}
---


### Overview
Ebis Daro is a very mysterious figure who has the ability to shape-shift into many different people and races. The elf was met by [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Wurinn Fuuldrusch]] in the [[Locations/Ehobel/Ishnmel/Wooden Hearth Inn\|Wooden Hearth Inn]] when he and [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai Reverence]] were searching for information on [[Gods & Heralds/Aetherion/The All-Father\|The All-Father]] / [[Gods & Heralds/Aetherion/Aetherion\|Aetherion]]. At the time he introduced himself as grandmaster of the [[Groups & Factions/Mage's Guild\|Mage's Guild]] in [[Locations/Ehobel/Ishnmel/Ishnmel\|Ishnmel]]. He is suspected of working with [[Gods & Heralds/Ignatius/Ignatius\|Ignatius]] / [[Groups & Factions/Religious Organisations/The Ashen Cult\|The Ashen Cult]] and is potentially one of the brothers from [[Books, Documents & Artefacts/The Unbroken Coin - A Tale of Two Brothers\|The Unbroken Coin - A Tale of Two Brothers]].

### Known Forms Taken
- The leader of [[Groups & Factions/Religious Organisations/The Red Cult\|The Red Cult]]
- The person that exploded themselves outside the airship in the [[Locations/OFC/Organisation of Free Cities (OFC)\|OFC]].
- Grandmaster Ebis (As a Dwarf teaching [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Obeus Yelris\|Obeus Yelris]])
- Grandmaster Ebis 
- [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/PC Backstory Characters/Claribelle Reverence †\|Claribelle Reverence †]]
- Tall Elvin Man

### Notable Information & History 
- [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] first met Ebis in the [[Locations/Ehobel/Ishnmel/Wooden Hearth Inn\|Wooden Hearth Inn]] in [[Locations/Ehobel/Ishnmel/Ishnmel\|Ishnmel]] ([[Session Notes/Season 3 - The Worst Diplomates/Session 15\|Session 15]]). The group of [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Wurinn Fuuldrusch]], Mordecai and [[The Party/Aidan Knight\|Aidan Knight]] went to gain more knowledge on [[Gods & Heralds/Aetherion/Aetherion\|Aetherion]]. At the time [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris Tallfellow ‡]] and [[The Party/The Korrigan\|The Korrigan]] had been secretly plotting and researching the being behind everyone's back and Mordecai was determined to not be outdone by Chenris wanted to learn more than them. 
- In the tavern, Mordecai starts to perform a self-written ballad about [[History & Events/The War for the OFC's Freedom\|The War for the OFC's Freedom]] to whet their appetite. People seemed to enjoy it and even chucked some coin at him. While this is happening drache sits and the bar (which is unusual for this establishment) asks for a glass of wine and watched the crowd. 
- After Mordecai was done with their first Ballad, he starts another about [[Gods & Heralds/Aetherion/Aetherion\|Aetherion]], however, he purposely tries to get a lot of information wrong to see if anyone reacts. Most patrons are sitting there, enjoying the music -apart from one, an old man he start disagreeing with many of the things that Mordecai purposely gets wrong. Drache approaches him and they start to chat about the true history of [[Gods & Heralds/Aetherion/Aetherion\|Aetherion]]. After their chat, he introduces himself as [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Ebis Daro\|Ebis Daro]] and can meet him at the Mages Guild if they want to find out more. 
- Later on, he is seen again during the destruction of [[Locations/Ehobel/Ishnmel/The Tower of Ishnmel\|The Tower of Ishnmel]]. When Mordecai is frantically trying to get to Chenris at the top of the tower, he appears and creates a lift up to the top before flying up there himself. At the top of the tower, he can be found helping Chenris destroy the crystal and stopping Mordecai from doing anything. At one point he could be found transforming into [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/PC Backstory Characters/Claribelle Reverence †\|Claribelle Reverence †]] in an attempt to break Mordecai and stop him from interfering. Once the crystal is destroyed, he helps Chenris channel the energy wherever he wants it and secretly tells Mordecai, "You've done a great thing for [[Gods & Heralds/Ignatius/Ignatius\|Ignatius]]". 
- The next day [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris Tallfellow ‡]] asks for a private meeting with him to ask questions about [[Named Characters & Beasts/Historically Significant  Characters/Enel Cubus †\|Enel Cubus †]] and his disappearance. He isn't able to help with a lot of details but points him in the right direction. After this, Chenris leans in and asks about him transforming into Mordecai's mother. Ebis denies knowing anything about this but after some pushing, he gets up locks the door and transforms into the leader of [[Groups & Factions/Religious Organisations/The Red Cult\|The Red Cult]], then quickly into a Suicide bomber from the airship. He then switches back into Ebis, unlocks the door and says "And no one will believe you".
- Later, they returned in [[Session Notes/Season 4 - Name Undecided/Session 27\|Session 27]] when [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] found the [[Books, Documents & Artefacts/Artefacts/Firesoul Greatsword\|Firesoul Greatsword]] on [[Locations/Itone Isles\|Itone Isles]] after killing [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/The Auditors/Uti †\|Uti †]]. They quickly stole the sword before vanishing into a red portal.