---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/session-notes/season-3-the-worst-diplomates/session-15/","noteIcon":""}
---


# Session Summery
Mordecai, despite his anger with Chenris, decides to focus on their immediate mission and the group's safety. After ensuring Kal Korrigan is taken to the Adventurers Guild for rest, the party splits up: Chenris heads to the library for research, while Mordecai, Drache, and Aidan visit a local inn. At the inn, Mordecai performs to gather information, but an elderly patron, Grandmaster Ebis, reveals crucial historical insights, directing them to the Mage's Guild for further knowledge. Meanwhile, Chenris discovers key political and historical details at the library. As the party reconvenes, a sudden magical disturbance reveals Aidan caught in a dangerous distortion, suspected to be the work of Chronovorus. The group quickly intervenes, freeing Aidan and attempting to stabilize the situation, but tensions escalate when Chenris destroys a crystal, causing significant chaos.

Back at the Adventurers Guild, Mordecai confronts Chenris about his obsessive pursuit of knowledge and disregard for the well-being of others, revealing his traumatic past involving uncontrolled magic that led to his family's death. In response, Chenris shares his own tragic backstory, where the death of his mentor at [[Locations/Strixhaven\|Strixhaven]] set him on a relentless quest to uncover all magical secrets. Despite their differing views and methods, the two find a temporary understanding, though underlying tensions remain unresolved as they brace for the next challenge in their journey.

# Full Session Notes
Although [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai Reverence]] is extremely angry with [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris Tallfellow ‡]] he eventually calms down when he realises that [[The Party/The Korrigan/The Korrigan\|The Korrigan]] is fine and just needs some rest. They decide to drop Korrigan off at [[Groups/Adventurers Guild\|Adventurers Guild]] so he can rest up and join [[Admin/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] later if he is feeling up to it, [[The Party/Wurinn 'Drache' Fuuldrusch\|Wurinn 'Drache' Fuuldrusch]] ends up being the one to carry him back on his shoulder. On their way back [[Admin/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] discuss their options. Chenris points out that they cant go barter with the Empress without knowing who they're talking to, or what they would bargain with. They decide to spilt up with Chenris going to the library and Mordecai, Drache and [[The Party/Aidan Knight\|Aidan Knight]] going to a local pub. They agree to meet up at 5pm.

# Mordecai, Drache & Aidan's POV
On their way to the Inn the group start to talk. Mordecai is annoyed that Chenris and Korrigan have been keeping secrets from the rest of [[Admin/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] so he wants to learn as much as possible to out smart Chenris at their own game. Plus it would prove to Chenris that book smarts isn't the be all and end all to research and smarts. The group agrees. Once they get to the [[Locations/Ehobel/Ishnmel/Wooden Hearth Inn\|Wooden Hearth Inn]], Drache requests for the inn to turn off their juke box to allow Mordecai to perform (if he didn't, Mordecai would've started pushing buttons to find out.) The bar gladly lets them as they love live performances, especially from "other folk". 

Ignoring this, Mordecai starts to perform a self written ballad about [[History & Events/The War for the OFC's Freedom\|The War for the OFC's Freedom]] to wet their appetite. People seem to enjoy it and even chuck some coin at him. While this is happening drache sits and the bar (which is unusual for this establishment) and asks for a class of wine and watches the crowd. After Mordecai is done with his first Ballad, he starts another about [[Gods & Heralds/Aetherion/Aetherion\|Aetherion]], however he purposely tries to get a lot information wrong to see if anyone reacts. Most patrons are sitting there, enjoying the music -apart form one, an old man he start disagreeing with many of the things that Mordecai purposely gets wrong. Drache approaches him and they start to chat about the true history of [[Gods & Heralds/Aetherion/Aetherion\|Aetherion]]. Drache learns a lot and thanks him for his time. The person says, "no thank you its been wonderful to talk about such things. if you wish to talk some more, just ask for [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Ebis Daro\|Ebis Daro]] at the [[Groups/Mage's Guild\|Mage's Guild]]" and then walks off. 

The group reconvenes and starts to make there way back to their meeting spot since it's starting to get late. Drache pass all his information on to Mordecai. They don't notice that Aidan is not with them when they walk back. 

# Chenris' POV
As soon as Chenris enters The Great Library, he is overwhelmed with childlike wonder. So much so that that his Eldarin blood takes over and and starts to embody the aspect of spring - His happy emotion. He soon finds all the books he is looking for. He learns the following information 
- The history of [[Named Characters & Beasts/Historically Significant  Characters/The Sundering Characters/Ashira Yelris †\|Ashira Yelris †]] and relationship with [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Galen Verix\|Galen Verix]] and [[Named Characters & Beasts/Historically Significant  Characters/The Sundering Characters/Caden SteelBreaker †\|Caden SteelBreaker †]].
- The current Emperor, [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Obeus Yelris\|Obeus Yelris]]
- Possible trade negotiations 
	- [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/The Dawn Empire\|The Dawn Empire]] and [[Locations/Ehobel/Ehobel\|Ehobel]] used to trade a tonne but stopped after the war 
	- [[Locations/Ehobel/Ehobel\|Ehobel]] gets most of what it needs from its plentiful forests, however, there is a shortage due to [[Named Characters & Beasts/Beasts & Animals/Elven Cannibals\|Elven Cannibals]] 
	- [[Locations/Ehobel/Ehobel\|Ehobel]] doesn't have great access to crop lands
- Information about how [[Admin/Display Tags/The Towers\|The Towers]] worked.


At this point Korrigan has woken up and made his way down to the Library to find chenris deeply immersed in books. Korrigan takes this time to talk about what they kept secret from the rest of [[Admin/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]]. Korrigan says thats theres no way we can go through with the plan and chenris agrees (he is lying and Korrigan knows it) they both uneasily look at each other and notice that they need to meet up with everyone else soon. 

As the two of them are leaving Chenris asks a door clerk about the [[Named Characters & Beasts/Historically Significant  Characters/Master Enel Cubus\|Master Enel Cubus]]. The person says they unfortunately wouldn't know about [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Ebis Daro\|Ebis Daro]] in the [[Groups/Mage's Guild\|Mage's Guild]] on the floor above them might know more than them. Chenris thanks them for the information and laments he doesn't have the time to ask further. 

The two groups meet up, Chenris and Korrigan notice immediately that Aidan is not with them and ask for his where abouts at that very moment a weird magical energy spikes and space time distortions break all over [[Locations/Ehobel/Ishnmel/Ishnmel\|Ishnmel]], with the biggest one being over [[Locations/Ehobel/Ishnmel/The Tower of Ishnmel\|The Tower of Ishnmel]]. Of in the distance, [[Admin/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] can see Aidan flying up with distortions all around him.

Out of desperation, Korrigan runs back in [[Locations/Ehobel/Ishnmel/The Tower of Ishnmel\|The Tower of Ishnmel]] to protect. Chenris deduces that this is the work of [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/Chronovorus\|Chronovorus]] and shouts out his name to taunt it out. He doesn't reply. However chenris realises that these distortions are what [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/Chronovorus\|Chronovorus]] uses to sap the lifespans out of people. and managed to pull Korrigan out before he looses too much of his lifespan(?). The rest of [[Admin/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] decide to catch up with Aidan and try to help him. Aidan's body currently has a large black smile across this face. Chenris also approaches and fires off a [Chill Touch](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/2026-chill-touch) in hopes of break the concentration of whatever is controlling him - it doesn't work. Finally, Mordecai is able to break Aidan free by casting [Dispel Magic](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/2072-dispel-magic), with him free they rush back to the tower to stop that distortion from destroying it. Aidan puts a stop to it and collapses out of exhaustion.

[[Admin/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] decided to commune with [[Gods & Heralds/Aetherion/Terathra\|Terathra]] to access the damage. Korrigan, Drache and Mordecai all team up to lessen the burden on talking with him. During their conversation with him, it becomes very clear that something is wrong because the tower is affecting [[Gods & Heralds/Aetherion/Terathra\|Terathra]] in strange ways. Korrigan points out that this is one of [[History & Events/The Ancient Pillars\|The Ancient Pillars]] so it may functions differently to the others. Because Korrigan is needed to keep the line of communication open with [[Gods & Heralds/Aetherion/Terathra\|Terathra]], Chenris is the only one able to teleport up to the top and investigate. After some deliberation, Mordecai uncomfortably send Chenris off to investigate.

Chenris, instantly disappears to the top of the tower to find his research paid off and everything was how he it expected to be, bar one thing. In the chamber with the crystal in were [[Named Characters & Beasts/Beasts & Animals/Magic Demons\|Magic Demons]]. Chenris, after getting over his initial shock, greets them with "Oh, hello there, I believe we have a mutual acquaintance, one [[Named Characters & Beasts/Historically Significant  Characters/Agolin Winterbor\|Agolin Winterbor]]?" 

They reply in the affirmative and mention how fun it was to toy with him. Chenris says he'll be right back and returns to [[Admin/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] and tells them what he saw up there before saying, "Terribly sorry, but there are few things i wish to investigate. Good day" and before Mordecai could even protest, Chenris uses [Misty Step](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/2195-misty-step) to return to the room. Panicking, Mordecai breaks his connection with [[Gods & Heralds/Aetherion/Terathra\|Terathra]] and try's to find a way up quickly to the room above with the crystal. At this very moment, [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Ebis Daro\|Ebis Daro]] walks into the room and summons a slowly moving elevator to take Mordecai up before flying up ahead. 

[[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Ebis Daro\|Ebis Daro]] flys up to find Chenris starting to take apart the Crystal with his magic. [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Ebis Daro\|Ebis Daro]] and the [[Named Characters & Beasts/Beasts & Animals/Magic Demons\|Magic Demons]] join to help him destroy it. Midway through this process Mordecai finally reaches them and makes an attempt to try and stop Chenris but is completely ignored. Mordecai then try's to physically restrain him but is stopped by Ebis sent to the floor with some kind of spell. Chenris is now very close to destroying the crystal and Mordecai is desperate to atleast get his attention, let alone stop him, and attempts to stab his leg. He misses but chenris turns to see what is happening. Through tiers, Mordecai try's to tell chenris to stop.he doesn't know what he's doing - any thing to stop him from going any further. Chenris gets in his face and goes "It is just Scientific Enquiry my boy" and returns to his work,

Mordecai about to try and stab him again is confronted by [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Ebis Daro\|Ebis Daro]], who I pulls him aside and transforms into a women with burn marks and says "Hey hey, it's ok, i forgive you for what you did" Mordecai now confused and crying starts to scream. Chenris ignores or maybe not even realise he is there anymore. Chenris destroys the Crystal.

In the moment the crystal is broken, Chenris absorbed the energy. Knowing he would be unable to contain this ridiculous amount of energy, he looked to direct it something. At this moment, time seemed to stop and [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Ebis Daro\|Ebis Daro]] stood before him and said he would help chenris direct all this power and chenris, after some consideration, decided to direct it to [[Gods & Heralds/Aetherion/Terathra\|Terathra]]. Time flowed freely again and the tower of breaking apart and falling over.

[[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Ebis Daro\|Ebis Daro]] appear before Mordecai again and says "Thank you, you've done an amazing for [[Gods & Heralds/Ignatius/Ignatius\|Ignatius]]" before disappearing. Mordecai, now angry storms to the window and jumps out the windows and climbs down, flipping off Chenris in the process. Chenris doesn't notice and jumps out he window and  [Misty Step](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/2195-misty-step) safely to the ground. 

Drache manages to escape with a weak Korrigan and an unconscious Aidan on his shoulders and [[Admin/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] meet up outside the Library in front of a collapsed tower. Korrigan wonders how they're going to make a trade deal now that they destroyed the tower and says theres no point doing anything now with everyone being so tired and people should sleep on it.

Returning to the [[Groups/Adventurers Guild\|Adventurers Guild]], [[Admin/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] go their rooms, including the one that Mordecai and Chenris share. Chenris sits on a bed and starts writing up his findings. Mordecai asks chenris even saw him suffering behind him in the tower and chenris says not until he turned to face Mordecai. Mordecai, nearly screaming at this point, talks about [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Ebis Daro\|Ebis Daro]] transformed into someone very special to them and guilted him and Chenris should have helped him when he needed it most. Chenris said he was so focused on learning that was oblivious to everything else.

# Mordecai's Backtory
Mordecai takes a deep breath and said the following:

Chenris and Mordecai became spell casters in very different ways. Chenris learnt through studying and researching magic whereas Mordecai was born with it. Because of this, Mordecai was unable to control his powers until he had practised a lot. But before that he was a child with no control and when first tapped into his magic, he accidentally casted fire ball in his family home - a very wood house. Mordecai was able to escape the fire without much harm but his family and [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/PC Backstory Characters/Mordecai's Mother †\|Mordecai's Mother †]] weren't to so lucky. Without a family or a roof under their head, Mordecai wandered the lands of [[Locations/Uvam Dynasty/Uvam Dynasty\|Uvam Dynasty]] before meeting [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/PC Backstory Characters/Arwen Gryffon\|Arwen Gryffon]] at the [[Locations/Uvam Dynasty/Minatota/Nightshade's Crown\|Nightshade's Crown]]. Over time he learn to the control his powers but hid them as best he could so he couldn't hurt anyone again.

feeling a bit shaky, Mordecai says "Come on, Information for Information, why are you so obsessed with learning that you wouldn't even notice his friends crying for his help?"

# Chenris' Backstory
Chenris, slightly ticked off from not being able to write up his notes starts to explain his past. Chenris says, as everyone now knows, he went to [[Locations/Strixhaven\|Strixhaven]] as a child. it was in his Magic Theory class did he meet the late [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/PC Backstory Characters/Professor Varitan Leotoris †\|Professor Varitan Leotoris †]] who become almost a father figure to Chenris - especially since his relationship with his own father was...strained. Chenris and Leotoris would spend a lot of time after class together researching theories and managed to greatly increase the worlds understanding of magic theory.

After some time like this, [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/PC Backstory Characters/Professor Varitan Leotoris †\|Professor Varitan Leotoris †]] was going on a field trip to local dungeon that [[Locations/Strixhaven\|Strixhaven]] had wrapped nearby to. Having never really been out of the confines of the city, Chenris begged to go on the trip. Leotoris finally relented and snuck his name on the list. Unfortunately, because Chenris was unexperienced with dungeons he accidentally triggered a trap but at the least second Leotoris jumped in and save him and died in his place. With his dying breath he passed him [[Books, Documents & Artefacts/Artefacts/Leotoris' Last Problem\|Leotoris' Last Problem]] and said "Learn all the secrets of this world and solve this problem, if its the last thing you do."

However, the memory was so traumatic for Chenris, he completely forgot the details of his professor's death. For ages he walked around with a hole in his memory until he was contacted by [[Gods & Heralds/Aeloria/Aeloria\|Aeloria]] to make a deal. He was given the opportunity to learn anything he liked and chose to learn about the gap in his knowledge. Remembering everything, Chenris was reinvigorated to learn all he could. 

Directly after Leotoris' death the field trip was wrapped up early and by the time chenris got back onto school grounds, Leotoris' class room and belongings had already been scrubbed clean and the only thing left of his beloved professor was the note he gave Chenris. 

Satisfied with this information, Mordecai when to sleep.
