---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/session-notes/season-3-the-worst-diplomates/session-14/"}
---


# Session Summary 
The Party is in Nas Anor, where Kal Korrigan suggests Aidan Knight sell his dagger at Halos Emporium and later retrieve it. Aidan agrees, and they successfully sell it for 50 gold, with Chenris Tallfellow selling some wyvern poison as well. As they head toward Ishnmel, Chenris gets everyone lost in the forest, where they are ambushed by [[Named Characters & Beasts/Beasts & Animals/Elven Cannibals\|Elven Cannibals]]. The party escapes with the help of a charmed cannibal and resumes their journey. They encounter Saleh Tower, one of The Ancient Pillars, where Korrigan subtly communicates with a mysterious entity inside. Moving forward, they meet a woman desperate to send a love letter to a bandit leader. Mordecai, disguised as a bandit, infiltrates the camp, learns of their plan to unleash an ogre on the city, and delivers the letter. Afterwards, the Party arms a gecko named Mannnnnn to assist against the bandits, then travels to Ishnmel, where tensions rise over discussions of Korrigan and Chenris' secretive plans.

Chenris and Korrigan sneak out early to investigate The Tower of Ishnmel. They learn about the tower's unique history and its construction by Niaross and Ashira Yelris. Korrigan meditates at the tree's roots, communicating with the entity Terathra, but the connection is cut short as he exhausts his magic. Meanwhile, Mordecai, Drache, and Aidan wake up to find their companions missing and rush to the tower. They find Korrigan nearly unconscious and Chenris dismissive of his condition, leading to a tense confrontation as Mordecai realizes the gravity of the situation.

# Full Session Notes
[[Admin/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] are in [[Locations/Ehobel/Nas Anor\|Nas Anor]] and [[The Party/The Korrigan/The Korrigan\|The Korrigan]] says it might be and interesting idea for [[The Party/Aidan Knight\|Aidan Knight]] to try selling his dagger and then retuning it when they get away safely. Aidan is up for the idea so they go over to a [[Groups/Halos Emporium\|Halos Emporium]] and sell the dagger for 50g. Afterwords, [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris Tallfellow ‡]] sell some of the Wyvern poison for 55g. With that done the party head out for [[Locations/Ehobel/Ishnmel/Ishnmel\|Ishnmel]].

For some reason, Chenris is in charge of directions and gets everyone lost in the forests where they're attacked by [[Named Characters & Beasts/Beasts & Animals/Elven Cannibals\|Elven Cannibals]]. Everyone tries to reason with it but to no eval until chenris speaks in elvish and they get some broken responses. Korrigan manages to charm the cannibal and Chenris convinces it to take them out of the forest. As the party is moving more [[Named Characters & Beasts/Beasts & Animals/Elven Cannibals\|Elven Cannibals]] arrive as they get chased by hunters - everyone runs away. The charmed cannibal leads back to the path where he is compensated with a health potion. 

The party encounter [[Locations/Ehobel/Saleh Tower\|Saleh Tower]], one of [[History & Events/The Ancient Pillars\|The Ancient Pillars]]. Chenris and Korrigan are egar to investigate, making [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai Reverence]] suspicious suspicious. They find out that this tower's crystal doesn't have a power source and is instead powered by incantations. 

as they are leaving, Korrigan subtly casts [Speak with Animals](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/2258-speak-with-animals) on the tower and gets a small response from something mysterious. after they've left, Mordecai confront Korrigan about him and chenris' weirdness and reveals that he thinks there is a beast at the centre of the world who’s tendrils allow the towers to work..

A little ways from the tower, [[Admin/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] run in to a devastated women who has just been robbed. when the party ask if she wants help retrieving her stolen items, she says she doesn't care about them and just wants the bandit leader. She thinks he very handsome and just wants to hook up with him. she wants the party to deliver a love letter to him. Korrigan tries to convince some animals to help deliver a note but all refuse. However he does convince a gecko he factionally names [[Named Characters & Beasts/Beasts & Animals/Mannnnnn\|Mannnnnn]] to come and fight the bandits 

Mordecai disguises themself as a HUNKY bandit and has a lesson in being a hunk from Drache before eventually infiltrating the bandit camp flawlessly. They find out that the bandits are feeding an ogre called [[Named Characters & Beasts/Grom\|Grom]] who will be released into the city to cause havoc in the eventually take over the city. Mordecai manges to deliverer the note and then manages to escape without being chased by the bandit leader - he’s simply a matchmaker and has no ulterior motives.

Chenris wants Mordecai to go back inside to grab the amulet that was meant to be their reward, but Mordecai refuses saying they can probs get the equivalent amount of gold out of [[Named Characters & Beasts/Ms. Adrei\|Ms. Adrei]]. She turns out to be the daughter of a nobel man in [[Locations/Ehobel/Ishnmel/Ishnmel\|Ishnmel]] so Mordecai encourages her to rinse her old man out of all his money to help them and then writes a separate note explaining how she’s running away.

During their travels, Mordecai and Korrigan have a talk about the creature in the middle of the world: revealing that Korrigan thinks he is able to communicate with it. Mordecai asks if the towers fell, would the creature be released, Korrigan confirms that it wont. Korrigan also tells Mordecai he’s trying to build more towers in the OFC but Mordecai feels like there’s something not quite adding up. as the party got enter the city [[Named Characters & Beasts/Beasts & Animals/Mannnnnn\|Mannnnnn]] insists he wants to find the bandit group. this leads the party to arm this gecko to the teeth with gear and potions so he can ambush the leader.

When they get to [[Locations/Ehobel/Ishnmel/Ishnmel\|Ishnmel]], they go to rest at an [[Groups/Adventurers Guild\|Adventurers Guild]]. Korrigan and Chenris try to room together which Mordecai pulls the “we never get to go on watch together as the two people with dark vision” card to convince Korrigan to let them bunk with Chenris. Mordecai and Chenris discuss [Wild Magic](http://dnd5e.wikidot.com/sorcerer:wild-magic). For the moment, Chenris is more intrigued about it than anything else and wants to study it. Especially since it hasn't happened a whole yet. Before the two go to bed Mordecai tries to warn chenris that Korrigan might not be the bets person to team up with my he doesn't listen saying that Korrigan is a great research partner. 

# Chenris & Korrigan POV
Chenris and Korrigan wake up early and decide that they should check out [[Locations/Ehobel/Ishnmel/The Tower of Ishnmel\|The Tower of Ishnmel]] for themselves now that [[Admin/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] is there to stop them for doing [REDACTED].  They rush over over to the tower to find its very different from most towers with the majority of it being made up of a tree. they find a person in a white robe and ask them about the tower and the history of it. They find out the following:
- The capital city of [[Locations/Ehobel/Ehobel\|Ehobel]] used to be [[Locations/Ehobel/Irs Thalor\|Irs Thalor]] before it was moved to [[Locations/Ehobel/Ishnmel/Ishnmel\|Ishnmel]]. First they built [[Locations/Ehobel/Ishnmel/The Tower of Ishnmel\|The Tower of Ishnmel]] and then later built everything else around it in an effort to better defend [[Admin/Display Tags/The Towers\|The Towers]].
- Tower was joint effort between [[Named Characters & Beasts/Historically Significant  Characters/Niaross\|Niaross]] and [[Named Characters & Beasts/Historically Significant  Characters/The Sundering Characters/Ashira Yelris †\|Ashira Yelris †]] a little after [[History & Events/The Sundering\|The Sundering]]. [[Named Characters & Beasts/Historically Significant  Characters/Niaross\|Niaross]] is a name that shouldn't be said to loud do to people not alway liking them. Additionally no one knows where they are since they would be hunted down for the same reasons. 
- [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Galen Verix\|Galen Verix]] and [[Named Characters & Beasts/Historically Significant  Characters/The Sundering Characters/Ashira Yelris †\|Ashira Yelris †]] used to be very good friends after the war until something happened that made Galen hate the Elvis and vise verser.

Korrigan moves to the tree and starts to meditate at its roots. using al to of his magic, he manages to connect with [[Gods & Heralds/Aetherion/Terathra\|Terathra]] and have a long conversation with it. Unfortunately Korrigan soon runs out of magic and loses his connection with the entity. he comes back to the world and starts to loose consciousness. Chenris uses [Mage Hand](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/2173-mage-hand) to stop his body from falling until he can get to him. Before Korrigan loose concentration, he tells Chenris that theres no way they can continue their plan without hurting [[Gods & Heralds/Aetherion/Terathra\|Terathra]] and possibly ending the world. Chenris just scoffs.

# Mordecai, Drache & Aidan POV
[[The Party/Wurinn 'Drache' Fuuldrusch\|Wurinn 'Drache' Fuuldrusch]] wakes up first to an empty room, he goes to find Mordecai (who slept in because Drache usually wakes them up when they bunk together) Drache thought Chenris and Korrigan were shagging. Mordecai debriefs him on the whole situation with the towers and flirts with Drache the whole time. They realise that they’ve wasted enough time and figure they should go to the tower to see if those two have done anything stupid

As they are approaching the tower, Mordecai can sense that there is something going very wrong since the magic in the area feels very wrong. The sprint into the tower to find Korrigan almost collapsed in Chenris’ arms. Mordecai sprints over to Korrigan, checking for a pulse, while hurling verbal abuse at Chenris. Korrigan confirms that he was able to talk to the creature before passing out.

Chenris confirms that Korrigan is just tired and probably just needs some rest. Mordecai is extremely angry. 