---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/session-notes/session-30/","updated":"2025-02-02T18:31:12.845+00:00"}
---

**Session Date:** 29th Jan 2025 
**Web Vault Link:** https://www.ashencampaign.xyz/session-notes/season-4-name-undecided/session-30/
**A list Of Spells Cast In Sessions:** [[Admin/Spell Links\|Click Here]]

# Session Summary 


# Full Session Notes
Korrigan ends the connection between him and Terathra and returns to the cavern. In a slight daze, they return to face Malin, who stands to the side with his head bowed respectfully. Halfbie awkwardly asks if this is when Malin wants to do it, and if so, does he have a way he wants to go? Malin says that he doesn't really care as long as it is painless and soon, so he won't have to deal with the fiery explosions that come with Ignatious's return. Drache is confused, wondering why he would want to die now as surely he would be sent straight to Ignatius, who was bound to be furious with the priest. 

Although Ignatius is the God of Fire and Cleansing, he is also the God of Violence and War. When his soldiers and followers die, their souls get sent to Ignatius's eternal battlefield, where they fight a myriad of monsters, demons and beasts. Moderates who had given up on war go to the same place but are put in a separate area, which is covered in fire, and people are in great pain. Ignatius is the general of his army and is too busy to come to see the moderates, so it is believed that even though the existence will be painful, it will be peaceful. Halfbie whispers to Korrigan, wondering if it might be better to Kill Malin with Ice magic so he won't be as affected by the fire in the bad place. Korrigan didn't respond.

Malin carried on talking, almost losing himself in his own words of doom and gloom. He explained that During the first Sundering, the world had The Auditors, Galen Verix, and other strong warriors, like Caden SteelBreaker. Now, most of those warriors are dead and missing. The Dawn Empire is fractured, and Ehobel has lost its most powerful Wizard queen, Ashira Yelris. Strixhaven, although still a strong faction, is nowhere near the same strength as before, with its renewed focus on research during times of peace. Tulan Fort is in shambles, and the Emerald Fort is without a leader.

Looking slightly pissed off now, Drache surmises that Malin wants them to destroy the tower and then kill him so he doesn't have to deal with the fallout - Malin agrees.
Halfbie analyses the tower and notes that the crystal isn't at the centre of it like the others. Instead, the crystals line the walls and focus on the tower. Korrigan touches on them, and a husky and laboured voice whispers to him, "Light bearers." Korrigan's head snaps in the direction of the voice, and it is one of the black wraiths they saw in The Dawnhaven Crypts; Halfbie and Mordacai also recognise them from The Tower of Ishnmel. 

Halfbie asked about The Tower, noting its distinct difference from the other towers before becoming slightly confused about what the towers were. Malin explained that he was here before The Tower or Temple was built. Before the temple was around, there was nothing, just an empty plane. Then, a crystal crashed on this land, causing an enormous crater. Sometime after, A dragon appeared, and she explained she would use the crystal to ensure the Sundering wouldn't happen again. The people, still mourning the loss of their friends and family, desperately agreed. The dragon spent months and months building something that could use the crystal. Eventually, he was successful and went around the world using fragments of the crystal to build more towers all over. Malin and the other priests soon gathered around to protect it, creating a church over it to hide it from The Ashen Cult and anyone who might have bad intentions.

Korrigan asks if they do kill him, will they be hunted down for his death? Malin explains that this room is rarely used and is not known to many people. Additionally, many of the staff do not enter the different rooms dedicated to the Gods; they would not know he was dead for many weeks or even months. After Korrigan asked, he confirmed that the number of people, excluding the party, who knew of this room could be counted on one hand. 
Without a moment's hesitation, Korrigan drew his bow and shot Malin in the head. The arrow buried deep in the priest's eye, threatening to come out the other side. Malin crumpled to the floor, dead instantly. Korrigan explained to the shocked members of his party that killing him now would ensure that no one related to Ignatius would ever be able to find out about The Tower and would serve to buy them time. They admitted he had a point, but Drache and Aidan were annoyed that none were given a say.

While this happens, Halfbie analyses the crystal and determines that it can be removed carefully. He tries to do so, being as careful as possible, but he messes it up, leading to the explosion of the crystal. Drache questions them on why they're trying to do this as it seems impossible; Halfbie explains that it's possible and it could allow them to understand the towers better and give them an advantage in the war.

Korrigan suggests they both use their Misty Step abilities to move it. Both of them grab onto the crystal and activate their abilities; Korrigan teleports a few feet from the wall with one half in his hand, instantly exploding. However, Halfbie is nowhere to be found. Drache is now incredibly corned that one of their party members may be missing - especially one surrounded by so much mystery; he demands to know where Halfbie is. Korrigan began to panic, unsure where to search for their missing friend. Korrigan turned to Drache, unsure and screamed that this would normally be something [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris Tallfellow ‡]] would be left to solve. 

Drache tried to calm him down and told him to start from the beginning and explain how their Misty Step works. After a few deep breaths, they explained that their version works slightly differently from the more common version. He functions by taking him through the [[Locations/Feywild/Feywild\|Feywild]]s before appearing in the spot he wanted. Drache paused for a moment before suggesting that maybe their ability malfunctioned and sent Halfbie to the [[Locations/Feywild/Feywild\|Feywild]] with korrigan but left them there. Korrigan filed with his bow for a moment before saying that could be the case as [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] would have no way out of the [[Locations/Feywild/Feywild\|Feywild]] and so could be trapped. A moment passed for Korrigan's eyes widened in panic as he screamed, "OH MY GOD, HALFBIE IS IN THE FEYWILD!" before teleporting there himself. He landed in his usual spot: outside a golden temple dedicated to [[Gods & Heralds/Lorwyn/Lorwyn\|Lorwyn]]. He threw out his magic, searching for this friend and breathed a sigh of relief, and he sensed them moving to them slowly. 

Looking up, they saw an old man covered in dirt and crime, covered in a burlap sack that was being used as a cloak for worms. They looked malnourished and unkept as a long whisper; white beards trailed on the floor between their legs.

#### Halfbie's POV
Halfbie opened their eyes after the teleport, only to find themselves in a dense forest that they instantly recognised as the Feywilds. They checked the crystal to see if the plan at least worked, but in the hand was what looked to be a small rift that seemed to cut the very fabric of reality. Inside, Halfbie could see an inky black void that contained thousands of tiny stars and galaxies. More importantly, there was a weird magical session that sounded like a rift. On further analysis, Halfbie realised in horror that magic was being sucked into the rift. Knowing that if too much magic was absorbed, there could be catastrophic consequences for not just the Feywilds but the universe as a whole. Their worries were soon halted when they realised that the rift was quickly closing, and after a minute, the rift had disappeared. It was as if magic was repairing the rift, and as it wasn't that significant, it was a relatively quick fix.

With the rift resolved, Halfbie turned their attention to their next problem: how they were going to leave the Feywilds. They were anxious to leave, as they were well aware of the dangers of these lands. They recognised the general area but weren't sure they knew exactly where they were. They decided to pick a direction and walk; theoretically, they should run into someone or some settlement at some point. Travelling through the [[Locations/Feywild/Feywild\|Feywild]]s, they managed to stay safe through clever spellwork and ingenuity, surviving on berries or whatever animals they could hunt. The animals of the Fey were strange and almost uncanny like they either should exist or some mad scientist fused what they assumed two different animals should be like as the days turned into weeks, into months and months into years. Halfbie's mind began to unravel as they walked around aimlessly in the fairest way that would not stop moving and shifting. It was as if the very ground beneath them breathed, and the trees turned to look whenever they made a sound. 

After 20 years, Halfbie had become too accustomed to this world and lost himself in the routine of hunting, forging and wandering aimlessly. However, one day, they came across a wooden hut occupied by a beautiful Autumn Eldarin. The Eldarin smiles kindly and invites them in for some food, offering a bowl of hearty chicken noodle soup. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] was grateful and accepted, not caring that this would put them in debt to a fey creature. They devoured many bowls of the soup before passing out on the floor. They awoke in a comfy bed to a spell of bacon on eggs being fried up for breakfast. The Eldarin looked up from the cast iron pan and invited them to stay for breakfast. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]]'s mind, now refreshed, gladly accepted and asked how they could repay their debt. The Eldarin initially refused any payment but eventually relented and said they would be grateful for work around the house, like cleaning and feeding the animals outside. 

[[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] quickly got work as they used various magics to clean the house until even the old wooden walls looked brand new. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] collected their things and began to leave before they were stopped by the Eldarin, who grabbed their arm, offering them a bed and food for a few months in return for help around the house and other...help. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]], who missed their meaning, thanked them profusely but explained that they had to go, their friends were waiting for them, and they had to return soon. The Eldarin looked saddened but told them to wait a moment before returning inside quickly. He appeared again just as quickly with a large burlap sack they had fashioned soon into a cloak, expelling that it would help keep them warm at night. With a caring hand on their shoulder, the Eldarin wished them safe travel and hoped they would one day return. 

They carried on their march but soon became lost again. This time, they did not find another part of civilisation for over 700 years. They ran into many people who seemed to be stuck in the same situation as him - lost with their minds unravelling with every step they took. One day off in the distance, Halfbie spotted a large golden structure, which notably did not move. They immediately didn't trust this as they came to know that the world moving around was normal, so seeing something staying still was now a strange and foreign experience. Nonetheless, [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]]'s inquisitive mind got the better of them, and they decided to investigate. Clutching onto their stuff for support, they slowly began to make their way over. Their moments and strength had weakened in their old age, but they were determined to learn more. 

At first, they circled around the temple slowly before they spotted a horned humanoid with a large bow on their back. They moved in closer, and the figure seemed very familiar; when it clicked, this was their friend, The Kal Korrigan. They rushed over as fast as their frail body would allow them to. Strangely, as they got closer, they began to move faster and faster until they were running over to their friend. Their body seemed to age as they got closer to their old friend. Korrigan turned to them with confusion and then later shock as [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] hugged their friend tight. Korrigan pulled away after a moment and asked what had happened and why they were so old before. Had they been trapped here for a long time? 

[[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] thought for a moment before opening an old and ratty notebook. As they flicked through the pages, Korrigan watched in horror as each one was filled with tally marks. They covered every surface of the page and seemed to get increasingly hectic and incoherent as they fluttered by. Each one clearly told the story of a person slowly losing themselves in making the marks. A lot of the pages were also covered in blood, which Korrigan could only hope wasn't Halfbie's. Korrigan takes them inside the temple, ensuring Halfbie gets a proper meal before leaving the plane. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] was grateful for the meal, although a little disappointed that it was chicken Noodle Soup. After finishing their meal, korrigan called an aid and told them to give his regards to [[Named Characters & Beasts/Queen Titania\|Queen Titania]] before grabbing [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] and transporting them back to the human realm. 

When they returned, The Party rushed to greet [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]], who explained his experience to them. [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] asked if the crystal vanished when they arrived at the [[Locations/Feywild/Feywild\|Feywild]], as he didn't see it on them. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] couldn't remember, so he flicked back through their notebook and was delighted to see they had kept a journal for the first 15 years. The journal detailed their rift to everyone, and as they read it, the memory came back to them, and they explained the situation in more detail. Drache tries to lighten the mood and asks if they learned anything interesting on their travels, to which Halfbie replies with a massive grin, "Stew and noodles are real goodddd!!".

Korrigan, happy that [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] was safe, let out a heavy sigh and simply stated that it was good that the rift didn't do too much damage to the [[Locations/Feywild/Feywild\|Feywild]]s. They updated [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] as they had legitimately forgotten what was happening in the human and that they needed to get out of there. korrigan and drache figured that their best bet would be to just walk right out as the guards saw them walk in with [[Named Characters & Beasts/Malin\|Malin]], so they probably wouldn't care if they walked out. they do just that, and the guards don't even bat an eye as they walk up the stairs and into the main library of [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/The All-Father Temple\|The All-Father Temple]]. Korrigan found a nearby table, set a map on it, and said they should plan out their route for the foreseeable future. Korrigan says that he wants [[Locations/OFC/Organisation of Free Cities (OFC)\|OFC]] since they need to sort out everything there and then end up near [[Locations/Important Locations & Nations/Lost Haven\|Lost Haven]] as [[Gods & Heralds/Lorwyn/Lorwyn\|Lorwyn]] is becoming impatient with him. 

[[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] mentions that they should probably drop off [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Obeus Yelris\|Obeus Yelris]] in [[Locations/Ehobel/Ehobel\|Ehobel]] before she is gone for too long. [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] wants to check on [[Locations/Important Locations & Nations/The Tulan Fort\|The Tulan Fort]] and [[Locations/Important Locations & Nations/The Emerald Fort\|The Emerald Fort]], while Mordecai wants to check up on [[Locations/Uvam Dynasty/Yokotori\|Yokotori]]. After checking a few things, [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] declares that [[Locations/Strixhaven\|Strixhaven]] is currently docked south of [[Locations/OFC/Twopines Estate\|Twopines Estate]], so it might be worth going there as they might have some more information. [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] jokingly dubs this the [[Other Information/Tour De Ashen\|Tour De Ashen]] plan, and they quietly cheer for their new plan. 

As they're leaving, they ask the receptionist if they have any information on the Prince of Fire. They do, and after a short search, [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] are handed a book called [[Books, Documents & Artefacts/The Pyromancer’s Legacy - The Chronicles of Kaelis Ignithar\|The Pyromancer’s Legacy - The Chronicles of Kaelis Ignithar]]. The Prince of Fire: The Life and Legacy of Kaelis Ignithar tells the story of Kaelis, a fire genasi from the Ember Wastes who became a legendary arcanist in the Grayfall Empire. Renowned for his mastery of pyromancy, Kaelis authored The Pyromantic Codex and created groundbreaking spells like Fireball and Fire Storm, revolutionising fire magic and advancing the empire’s industry. However, Grayfall’s oppression of humans sparked a rebellion, leading to its downfall. During the empire’s final battle, Kaelis vanished, with some claiming he perished in the flames and others believing he escaped with its knowledge. His legacy lives on through his teachings, artefacts like the Everburning Crown, and the enduring embers in Grayfall’s ruins, ensuring his flame continues to inspire future generations.

Korrigan states that the Everburning Crown sounds very similar to [[Books, Documents & Artefacts/Artefacts/The Crown of the Lost\|The Crown of the Lost]] but was unable to find a solid connection in the book. Leaving the temple, they have an amazing time and make it to [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Cliffhall\|Cliffhall]] before lunch. passing the town guards wearing orange armour could be signed with logos and insignias that they were too far away to make out truly.

Passion [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Dustwood\|Dustwood]], [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] encountered two men in incredibly fashionable and interesting clothing [^1]. The two men have a lunch caravan with huge piles of colourful silk. The men stop and proudly ask if [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] would be interested in investing in their futures. Halfbie falls for them and says they would. The men introduce themselves as businessmen for [[Locations/Kearlin Atoll/Kearlin Atoll\|Kearlin Atoll]] and begin to describe the concept of silk to them. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] is quick on the uptake and says they're quite familiar with silk, mostly the fabric made in [[Locations/Ehobel/Ehobel\|Ehobel]]. The men admit that this silk isn't as nice as their Elvin silk, but it is a lot cheaper than the stuff from the Elves. 

The men also say they can make the silk a lot faster, so it would be a great investment into their social standing. "The clothes maketh the man". [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] knows that this is theoretically possible as you can produce silk faster and cheaper, but it would involve mistreating the silkworms, a treatment that would often result in the death of the worms. Elvin is often much nicer as they take the time to extract the silk without harming the worm, resulting in a better product. Halfbie mentions this, and the men quickly look at each other, stating that their worms are special and can handle this. Drache steps and tells the men they're wasting their time as [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] doesn't have the money to invest or buy nice fabrics. The men are annoyed that they wasted their time, but before leaving, they say they would be willing to give them some of the fabric, they would sell it from them. [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] would make some money and then pay a fee to the businessmen. they produced a magic contract stating it was to make them get their money back. Drache looks horrified at the state of the magic contract and tells them to no before walking on, instructing the rest of  [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] to do the same. 


#### Korrigan & Drache's Watch 
It is late afternoon when they arrive at [[Locations/OFC/Whitespire/Whitespire\|Whitespire]]. Korrigan is nervous about being around the area with Aidan's possession and their last interaction with [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Towers\|The Towers]]' staff [^2]. They all decide to walk around the town and make camp in the forest nearby. Still mentally exhausted, [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] says it might not be worth it to use their Tiny Hut spell and have a night watch like normal. They all agree. while figuring out watch partners, Drache is insistent that he watches with Korrigan, who happily accepts. With everyone asleep, Korrigan is eager to carry on their training, but drache refuses, stating that he has a few things he wants to talk about. Drache expresses that he feels incredibly lost at the moment; their adventures feel incredibly chaotic, and they're finding themselves incredibly lost with what is happening. At the start, this was fine as it meant he could focus on the fighting and defending, but not it becoming too much. Drache is also feeling very guilty about the death of [[Named Characters & Beasts/Malin\|Malin]].

Korrigan admits their adventures have become a lot of offers to try and dig out some of [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris']] old notes to help explain some of what's going on. Drache seems quite happy with this. Korrigan addresses the priest, saying that Drache should have no reason to feel guilty about the priest as that was all korrigan and drache had nothing to do with it. He mostly did it because it allowed them to buy some more time before [[History & Events/The Sundering\|The Sundering]] happened again. 

Drache agrees to an extent with Korrigan's reasoning but still feels bad, especially because he keeps being put on this pedestal as the group's moral compass, with Mordecai going as far as to say that 'Drache was the last truly good person left' [^3]. Yet every day, [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] keeps doing morally grey, or sometimes just objectively bad things. Korrigan argues that they may do bad things, but overall, they are fighting to ensure that the world can keep going. Drache is unsure if the ends justify the means with everything they have done. 

After a deep breath, Korrigan says that in their party, Mordecai is possessed by a [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Seifer Willow ‡\|war criminal]], Aidan is possessed by a God, another may share a body with a dead party member, and he is [[Gods & Heralds/Lorwyn/Lorwyn\|Lorwyn]]'s toy. Weird or even bad things are bound to happen, but they're trying their best to make sure that the world is ok. Drache is still sad because, in his eyes, he isn't this paragon of good that everyone says he is. Like everyone, he has done bad things, sometimes for the greater good and sometimes for selfish reasons, making him feel like a fake and he is sick of pretending. 

Korrigan stood up and insisted that they talk and train together, stating it would help clear their minds and make them feel like they're still being productive. Drache reluctantly aggresses and stands up with his great axe. Korrigan explains that Drache is a good person, and he challenges the injustices within the world with his rage, channelling it into fighting for people. He reminds Drache that they're trying to do good and better the world, which should always be noted in a world that is not kind to its people. Drache half agrees but says he is worried that one day, that rage will build up so much that one day it might be released on someone or something that doesn't deserve it. Korrigan tells him to try and focus on the good he is doing in the world. It's like the anger and bad are fuelling all of his good acts, but Drache is unsure of this.

Korrigan then suddenly punches Drache and continues to do so as Drache refuses to cheer up. Eventually, Draches mad and flies into a rage. Korrigan, unless a shot from his bow at the Dragonborn, before the arrow hits its mark, a golden magic sound Drache absorbs the energy, sending the damage back onto Korrigan. The sound of this happening is deafening, waking everyone up. Korrigan, through the pain, shouts that this is what his rage is able to do; he can do what no one else can; he can protect people and hurt those that do bad. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]], seeing that things could get dangerous if this continues, steps in and reasons that this might be a great time to change watch. 

#### Halfbie & Aidan's Watch


- Korrigan says that this is the power his rage and no one else could do this. 
- Aidan suggested they swap their shifts
- halfbie is still half asleep 
- in the distance, they spot a large brown mass moving behind the trees and stop by a bush and sniff around. Halfbie points it, but Aidan can't see it. Aiden suggests it could be bear. halfbie casts an alarm to make sure 
- Aidan asks if they're enjoying the adventures. and halfbie is happy they are on a cool adventure and mentions their job with strixhaven mages.
- they ask why Aidan is so quiet, and Aidan explains they've been like this, and it can be quite overwhelming when everything is going on 
- He. says that everyone is very different and casuse conflict. Halfbie brings up him kill the tiefling and his fight with Mordecai. doesn't know how he knew 
- "yeahhh i didn't have Periara "
- Aidan parents only saw him as an experiment while he was in a cult. left half of his body is covered in scars. The cult was [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/Chronovorus\|Chronovorus]] Aidan is mad that the experiment kinda worked 
- Aidan doesn't wanna do an autobiography and doesn't wanna talk about the experience. He struggles to talk about things when more people are there.
- awkward silence 
- chicken noodles soup and halfbie wants to become a chef to perfect chicken noodle soup 
- Aidan goes to bed. 
- Halfbie and Obeus watch 
- halfbie doesn't understand rich people, obeus doesn't understand poor people 
- obeus loved seeing all the call cities and seeing Dawn Haven disappear and seeing Itone. She loved seeing the party over everything 
- she dreads going back and not being able to adventure.
- she can't just leave. 
- halfbie has been really enjoying the party and loves the adventure and is just following the voice in his head 
- obeus is sad she never got to meet her parents 
- halfbie is sad they couldn't properly provide for their family 
- They wonder if somnora every yearned to sit with her dad with eldros. 
- she finds it funny that they both grew up on different ends of the economic scales but had the opposite experience with family 
- Drache goes to korrigan in the morning and apologises for his attack last night and thanks him for his kind words
- halfbie wonders if you could out other, meets in noodle soup 
- they hear that [[Locations/Strixhaven\|Strixhaven]] is nearby, and Korrigan reminisces on how he learnt about Terathra and the towers when they were there last. 
- Everyone is directed because of the night before. aidain spots something in the trees to the left. Korrigan throws [[The Party/Other Party Members/Familiars/Bobs\|Bobs]] to go have a look and see. Bobs and tells them they see tiny people. They want them to have a look. 
- they fly off the beaten path and they find a huge patch of mushrooms. looking closer they see the mushrooms have small doors and windows on them. There are Inchlings (Men that are an inch tall)
- they show themselves and the inchlings say 'another tall people'
- korrigan turns into an ant and hears they shout about getting 'Big Dave'
- climbs onto dravche shoulder but drache cant hear so Korrigan wildshapse into a horse and drache is unable to keep this up
- normal human appears and theyre dressed like an inchling
- man introduces himself as big Dave and horri says theyre regular sized [[The Party/The Korrigan\|The Korrigan]]gan 
- inkling on his should speaks very posh and wonders what theyre doing and they explain that theyre on [[Other Information/Tour De Ashen\|Tour De Ashen]] and is urrpised that there is something bigger than the forest. 
- the inkling wants to see so they put them on [[The Party/Other Party Members/Familiars/Bit\|Bit]] to fly up. they make a harness.
- Dill Billington Inchling - of the famous blington 
- parsley Billington - brother 
- Sage Billington - father 
- cumin Billington 
- halfbie joins them with the fly spell, and they both fly up super high and halfbie doesn't realise theyre too high.
- halfbie gets excited about chickened noodles and explains it 
- the inklings don't do sport 
- Parsely was the all-time fishing championship until the big Dave came along
- they wanna do introduce high-restriction but they won't cus they like him 
- they're communist 
- big Dave does a lot of the jobs 
- big Dave was called big feets.
- they go back down to the ground and halfbie lands well. 
- Oregano Billington - grandma was eaten by bird.
- He offers them food and drach is hesitant because he doesn't think there could be too to eat. the man runs offer big Dave comes to say 
- these pople are Pescetarian - a common word in  this wold.
- The chefs are mean and wont let him into the kitchen. 
- some of the inklings pull some toadstools together, and they begin to eat. 
- they come out with loads of food, although there isn't a lot as they're too small. the party 
- halfbie and drache try the tadpoles while Korrigan has the berries. very tasty but not very filling.






# Trivia & Notes
- [[The Party/Other Party Members/Meta/Rowan Hales\|Rowan Hales]] was unable to make this session due to a show they were in. [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai Reverence]] is mad at korrigan for killing [[Named Characters & Beasts/Malin\|Malin]] is the official excuse for them not talking much this session. 

[^1]: [[The Party/Other Party Members/Meta/James Absolom\|James Absolom]] describes their clothing as modern-day suits 

[^2]: They're talking about their experiences in [[Session Notes/Season 3 - The Worst Diplomates/Session 21\|Session 21]]

[^3]: This was said in [[Session Notes/Season 3 - The Worst Diplomates/Session 24\|Session 24]]
