---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/session-notes/session-26/","noteIcon":""}
---

**Session Date:** 12th Dec 2024 
**Last Modification:** 12th Dec 2024
**Web Vault Link:** 

# Session Summary 


# Full Session Notes
The group stand before the crater that was left by [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Dawnhaven/Dawnhaven\|Dawnhaven]], unable to fully grapple with the fact that Chenris Tallfellow ‡ is dead and sacrificed himself to save the rest of them. As [[The Party/The Korrigan/The Korrigan\|The Korrigan]] is about to turn away, he spots something small falling out of the sky. Almost by instinct, he summons [[The Party/The Korrigan/Zephyr\|Zephyr]], his fey beast, to go up and retrieve whatever is falling. They all stand in silence as they wait for the bird to return. Korrigan breaks the silence when he admits that he's struggling to process Chenris' death. [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai Reverence]] echoed this sentiment but stated that no matter what, they have to push on and do what needs to be done. As [[The Party/The Korrigan/Zephyr\|Zephyr]] begins to return, the object slowly becomes clearer, and they can now make out a slender Elvin figure screaming in terror. As it gets closer, the details become clearer as they start to make out their features of green hair and fine clothing. 

The Elf's screams of terror could now be heard in full force as they slowly descended to the ground. Their screams only stopped to admire Zephyr's beautiful purple and silver feathers before quickly returning to screaming. Zephyr roughly drops the elf to the ground before returning to korrigan. As Mordecai is giving them a hand up, the elf mentions that they recognise the group from somewhere, like in a dream or something similar. As they stand up, KOrrigan notices their purple eyes - a telltale sign of the Fey. Immediately curious, he asks them what a member of the fey is doing falling out of the sky over Dawnhaven. The elf has no idea what they're talking about since they don't think they're fey. Confused about what the elf is talking about since they're clearly fey from his perspective, korrigan introduces himself as 'The Korrigan'. As they reach for Korrigan's outstretched hand, the elf has a moment of realisation, and with a smile, they shake the hand and exclaim, "Nice to meet you, Kal The Korrigan". Korrigan is visibly shaken since no one else, let alone one of the fey, calls him [[The Party/Dead/Kal ‡\|Kal ‡]] anymore and immediately starts to grill the elf, not caring about asking invasive questions and being very rude. Mordecai tries their best to calm korrigan down as his questions quickly became shouting commands. 

They suddenly stand up straight as they say, "Ah! Where are my manners," as they use [Prestidigitation](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/2213-prestidigitation) to clean the dirt off his clothes "My name is [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]]!" as they use Prestidigitation to create sparkles around them as they give beaming smile to the group. Mordecai looks visibly jealous as the [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] s do what they like to do but with higher quality. Without a second hesitation, they do a similar thing but try to make the display of sparkles bigger and brighter. Much to the annoyance, Halfbie just thinks this is really cool. Aidan Knight introduces himself with a simple handshake. Mordecai asks what they were doing when to cause them to start falling over Dawnhaven. Halfbie thinks for a moment before eventually explaining, "Well, first I was in an airship that crashed, then when I opened my eyes, I was in a very dark room, then I was in a bright room, and then finally I was falling out of the sky". 

Korrigan starts to pace around Halfbie, trying to get a better view and figure out who they are, not caring that this made halfbie a bit uncomfortable. Carrying on, Halfbie explains that they don't know how they got here but would love to tag along with the group until they can figure out what is happening. The group agrees, but not before Mordecai cattily says, "Oh, and I bet you want to go to a library to learn it as well" " referencing Chenri's usual solution to these sorts of problems. Without missing a beat, Halfbie explains either a library or a guide will do. Looking off into the distance, they can see a small plume of black smoke rising up from behind some hills in the direction of Rosehost. Korrigan says that if halfbie was on an airship that crashed, then it would make sense that the black smoke might be from that. "Unless they're lying", Mordecai added quietly. 

As [[Admin/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] are all getting into the carriage, korrigan asks Halfbie where they are originally from, and after a thing, they explain they are from a small island town called [[Locations/Kearlin Atoll/Paraton\|Paraton]] in [[Locations/Kearlin Atoll/Kearlin Atoll\|Kearlin Atoll]], a nation none of [[Admin/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] had ever adventured to or heard of. Before the carriage starts to move, Halfbie is told in no uncertain terms that they are not to touch anything, especially any old books or notes (Referring to Chenris' notes and items). Halfbie promises they won't. It was about a half-a-day journey from what was Dawnhaven to [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Rosehost\|Rosehost]], and the airship was a few hours from the town. Along the way, Korrigan asks why they don't think they're part of the fey when they have the features of one. Halfbie explains that they were never brought up as fey, and neither of their parents was from the Feywild, so they've never said they were. They also seemed unaware that their eyes were purple. Korrigan starts to get frustrated with the whole situation as Halfbie is a complete enigma to him, he snaps out of it when Aidan pipes up, telling him to "calm down Antlers". An irritated Korrigan uses magic to make the journey for Aiden more difficult while the rest laugh at the funny nickname. Mordecai begrudgingly joins Aidan in his calls for people to be nice to Halfbie, reminding korrigan that they were all nice to him when he showed up after [[The Party/Dead/Kal ‡\|Kal ‡]] 's death. Korrigan pipes down. 

Most take the travel time to get some rest and heal up. Once Mordecai woke up, they immediately got out a piece of paper and started to write a letter but kept the details a secret from the rest of the group. Intrigued, korrigan asks what he is writing, which Mordecai says is none of their business. Turning very serious, korrigan explains that [[Admin/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] needs to be able to trust each other completely. He had already explained his secrets to Lost Haven, and it feels especially important now that their friend has died. He notably struggled with his emotions as he said the word friend. Mordecai sighs before explaining that he wants to start tying up loose ends and is writing a letter to his father. Having not heard much about Mordecai's father, korrigan tentatively asks if he is on good terms with his father, but Mordecai remains tight-lipped about any details with his family. 

Suddenly, korrigan begins to cry as he reminisces and mentions the gecko they had met in [[Locations/Ehobel/Ehobel\|Ehobel]] called [[Named Characters & Beasts/Beasts & Animals/Mannnnnn\|Mannnnnn]]. Mordecai quickly figures out that korrigan is probably putting his grief on the gecko instead of Chenris. Korrigan then [Wild Shapes](https://forgottenrealms.fandom.com/wiki/Wild_shape) into a gecko and keeps crying as Mordecai tentatively puts him on their shoulder. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] is enamoured by this ability and excitedly asks what else people can do. Mordecai unenthusiastically says they can use magic, while Aidan says he is good at sneaking. [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Obeus Yelris\|Obeus Yelris]] says that she can also cast magic but not much else. Mordecai interjects, saying that obeus is much more than a magic caster and is the Empress of Ehobel. She blushes slightly as she confirms this to Halfbie, who thinks that's amazing and gives a polite bow that she brushes off.

An hour after [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Rosehost\|Rosehost]], they all reach the remaining frame of the airship, with parts still on fire and a shattered crystal found in the centre of the wreckage. On the walls that hadn't burnt down, the [[Locations/Strixhaven\|Strixhaven]] logo could be seen, immediately raising suspicions of Korrigan and Mordecai. While investigating, Aidan is able to confirm that the ship is not the same one from earlier in their adventure. Upon seeing the dead bodies, Mordecai goes incredibly quiet as he tries to hold back his panic. They all begin to edge close (Mordecai less so) to try and learn more from the wreckage. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] takes this time to analyse the magic around the ship and learns that there are faint traces of strange magical energy, information Korrigan instantly links to the large wave of magic that spread out from Dawnhaven after Velthis 's work. Halfbie also realises that that crystal absolutely shouldn't have shattered since they're quite durable and important to keeping the airship in the air. Mordecai 
Asked if their boss had the same [[Locations/Strixhaven\|Strixhaven]] logo on their clothing, and they confirmed that this was the case and had vague memories of the university but wasn't sure when asked if he knew who [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/PC Backstory Characters/Professor Varitan Leotoris †\|Professor Varitan Leotoris †]] was. They explained that they were on the airship because they were on some kind of expedition to [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/The Dawn Empire\|The Dawn Empire]], but they weren't sure what the expedition was for. 

Looking at the airship in more detail, [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] starts to remember weird visions of [[Groups/Religious Organisations/The Red Cult\|cults]] and needing to save people. Once hearing this, korrigan immediately comes up with a theory that maybe the crystal chatting from the magic of magic wave could have caused Chenris' and [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] 's memories to somehow fuse together, explaining the weird pockets of knowledge they have. Throughout this whole process, Mordecai is notably hesitant to call Chenris by name, referring to them as 'you know' or 'the old man'.

[[Admin/INFORMATION MISSING OR OUT-OF-DATE\|INFORMATION MISSING OR OUT-OF-DATE]]

- They decide to head back to the carriage, and korrigan does one final sweep of the ship and finds nothing and defiantly doesn't xekai (he looking for the man)
- They ask what the point of travelling to Itone is if chenris won't be there he finds it fascinating. Halfbie would find it fascinating and is mean by saying that they aren't a replacement for chenris. 
- Halbie explains that he likes magic, learning and making things and is invited to join them 
- Before he can reply, halfbie hears a voice in their head to go with them. He frantically looks around before saying yes they'll absolutely join them. Korrigan says to stop doing drugs as he looks like he is tripping balls. 
- They try to figure out how to get to itone through [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Baytown\|Baytown]] by getting a boat there. 
- They decide against talking to [[Named Characters & Beasts/Terence Witherfeather\|Terence Witherfeather]] as it's a long journey to reach him if he can't do anything to help them 
- Korrigan speaks in Sylvan and is shocked when halfbie doesn't know it. 
- Korrigan speaks in many different languages to figure out what he knows. 
- They ask obeus to speak in ancient dwarfish and halfbie responds in kind and they bond over not knowing what's going on.
- They realise that halfbie knows all of the same languages as chenris.
- Mordecai can't understand why [[Gods & Heralds/Aeloria/Aeloria\|Aeloria]] did something like this. 
- They head to [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Baytown\|Baytown]]. And rest in [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Rosehost\|Rosehost]] 's [[Groups/Adventurers Guild\|Adventurers Guild]], and Halfbie isn't in the guild.
- Aidan, korrigan and halfbie pay for the adventure guild fee
- Korrigan pulls everyone but halfbie to come into a huddle. Korrigan states that there are a lot of parallels to chenris and halfbie, and they should test him by making him do the directions. Halfbie is happy to help.
- He remembers that he was mapping when the purple light hit, and korrigan made him navigate anyway. They direct them quite well and they reach the docks quite easily.
- Mordecai walks up to the person they think has the best vibes. They open a random conversation with the sailors at the dock and ask how someone might get across the sea and say they are the most qualified to take someone. 
- The man says it'll cost them 1000 gold. Mordecai tries to convince them and obeus says she has money and can pay for it. She pays it saying she feels bad for not helping out more.
- They get on the rinkedink boat. There's no internal cabin and just enough space for some bed rolls.
- Halfbie and korrigan see a huge ship with golden sales. Korrigan casts, Gust of Wind to push the boat faster. Their boat is unable to outpace the big boat. 
- [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] asks what the golden bridge was would take (korrigan corrects to the golden fleet).
- Halfbie asked Korrigan if they could call a whale to come to their boat. Korrigan thinks he knows a whale mating call, but it is so bad it might have scared the rest of them away. 
- The big boat is starting to close in on their boat. And they don't know what to do. 
- Korrigan spots some icebergs off to the distance and korrigan thinks they can make it. 
- The big ship catches up very quickly and launches a large grappling hook onto the boat before they can do much more 
- Mordecai burns the rope while halfbie uses minor illusion to make the rope look like it is fine while korrigan helps obeus hide (not very well)
- Korrigan uses his bow to cast lightning bolts through the sales, and Mord decides to cast a fireball. Mordecai wasn't to cleanse it with fire. And hits the middle of the ship 
- Halfbie is excited and says he can do the same. He uses Fly and casts a fireball at the steering wheel and dorsal sail 
- The captain while on fire shouts to his crew to turn away which would put them in range of cannon korrigan uses Fog to obscure some of the canons. 
- They race off for the ice burg and manage to get behind one before a canon ball hits a nearby iceberg. Working together, the boat is controlled well, and they manage to escape the big boat. Aidan makes sure everything is good, Korrigan and Mordecai make sure all the ropes tired down the sales are working well, and halfbie works on watching the big ship so they aren't hit
- They eventually hit land at [[Locations/Itone Isles\|Itone Isles]]. And they get obeus out of her hiding spot. And they're happy to survive but Mordecai is still pissy at halfbie. 
- Korrigan tries to teach Mordecai whale. Apparently, 'hello' sounds like 'fuck ya, mum'. Halfbie helps the captain fix his boat up. 
- The fog is so thick they can't even see their hand in front of them, but they can tell that there is a large mountain in front of them
- Korrigan says they should go forward on land, and they find that there is nothing but dead trees and snow covering everything. 
- Sometimes the snow crunches, and then sometimes there's the sounds of bone crunching. Korrigan moves the snow and sees 1000 s of human bones; he quickly covers it up.
- They find a sheer cliff and decide to set up camp and halfbie uses Leomand's Tiny Hut to keep themselves safe through the night and the rest go create a fire. 
- Throughout the night there can be some weird moaning can be heard, it sounds like undead and they are quite close. Some are able to see a few skeletons but not much can be seen due to the fog.
- Waking up the next day, none of the skeletons could be found they think that the bones could become the skeletons during the night. 
- Checking the bone, halfbie finds some magical residue on the bones but whatever magic was used has faded quite considerable
- Halfbie suggest going around the mountain and trying to find an easier. Scouting for 1/2 day they arrive at a big stone arch with the pathing going up the mountain.
- The arch has draconic runes on it. It's very old-style writing which Mordecai tries to read it 
- 'The resting place of itone, may this fortress stand strong'
- They carry on up the mountain. Before they can make it too far, obsess says that she's going to wait at the boat and they Message to give her away to tell them that things aren't ok 
- Mordecai isn't doing good with the cold but is fine for now.
- As they carry on, sunset starts, and they start to hear a lot of skeletons around them. And halfbie says they can cast the tiny hut but would need at least a minute to cast it where he couldn't help them a lot. 
- They set up an area that is easy to defend using korrigans healing spirit while Mordecai uses darkness to give  all the skeletons a disadvantage on attacks 
- Halfbie can attack a few times until he manages to get up tiny hut. 




# Trivia & Notes
- James revealed before the session that we had seen the [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Xekai\|xekai]] symbol recently
- The airship at the start was from the [[Locations/OFC/Organisation of Free Cities (OFC)\|OFC]] holding [[Locations/OFC/Organisation of Free Cities (OFC)\|OFC]] ship from the dessert 
