---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/session-notes/season-4-name-undecided/session-28/","updated":"2025-02-08T17:14:24.232+00:00"}
---

**Session Date:** 9th Jan 2025 
**Web Vault Link:** https://www.ashencampaign.xyz/session-notes/season-4-name-undecided/session-28/
**A list Of Spells Cast In Sessions:** [[Admin/Spell Links\|Click Here]]

# Session Summary 
[[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The party]], accompanied by [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]], reflects on Chenris's death as they investigate the remnants of Uti's golden skeleton. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] begins crafting a Bag of Holding to carry the heavy, golden bones while Korrigan discovers unsettling connections between [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Ebis Daro\|Ebis Daro]] and Akin Netch through clues in Uti’s cave. As [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] works, Korrigan summons a steed, [[The Party/Other Party Members/Familiars/Bobs\|Bobs]], modelled after Uti, to comfort [[The Party/Other Party Members/Familiars/Bit\|Bit]], adding a touch of levity to the grim task.

Their rest is interrupted by the eerie movements of skeletal hordes marching toward the castle. Through [[The Party/Other Party Members/Familiars/Zephyr\|Zephyr]]’s reconnaissance, they discover the skeletons kneeling in reverence to the throne, raising concerns about Mordecai’s cursed Crown of the Lost. Mordecai grows anxious as Seifer Willow, the voice in their head, begins to reveal more about her motives, including a desire to retrieve her [[Books, Documents & Artefacts/Artefacts/Firesoul Greatsword\|Firesoul Greatsword]] to restore her power.

[[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The party]] retreats to their boat, choosing a longer route past [[Locations/Kearlin Atoll/Kearlin Atoll\|Kearlin Atoll]] to avoid [[Groups & Factions/The Golden Fleet\|the Golden Fleet]]. While [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]]'s home is briefly visible, they decide to press on to [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Baytown\|Baytown]]. Onboard, tensions rise as Korrigan’s Detect Thoughts spell reveals [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]]'s hidden anger, fueling Mordecai’s distrust. After docking in [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Baytown\|Baytown]], [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|the party]] resolves to visit [[Gods & Heralds/Aetherion/The All-Father\|the All-Father]] Temple to seek answers about Mordecai’s curse and Seifer Willow, whose influence and intentions continue to haunt them.

# Full Session Notes
Looking at [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/The Auditors/Uti †\|Uti †]]'s golden skeleton before them, [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] considered how they could bring it home. They knew that, on average, skeletons made up around 15% of a being's total body mass and that an adult red dragon weighs around 5000 pounds. These bones weigh at least 750 pounds; however, now that they're [[Other Information/Gold\|gold]] - a material much denser than dragon bone- this number could be in the 1000s of pounds. If they were to have any chance of bringing home a sizes able portion of this [[Other Information/Gold\|gold]] home on their small boat, then they would know some form of way of lightening the load. Without access to 8th or 9th-level spells, [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] decided the best course of action would be to use their skills to create a Bag of Holding. This magical item would allow them to carry 500 pounds of any material without having to worry about the weight. 

While they were figuring this out, [[The Party/The Korrigan\|The Korrigan]] had stayed behind in [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/The Auditors/Uti †\|Uti †]]'s cave to see if he could gather any more clues or find anything useful. During his investigations, he found himself staring at the [[Auditors_-_Sepia.png|painting hung above the fireplace]]. At this moment, he realised that the mask they suspected [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/The Auditors/Akin Netch ‡\|Akin Netch ‡]] to be wearing was very similar to the one [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Ebis Daro\|Ebis Daro]] wore when he stole the [[Books, Documents & Artefacts/Artefacts/Firesoul Greatsword\|Firesoul Greatsword]]. This caused a sudden realisation as they remembered [[Books, Documents & Artefacts/The Unbroken Coin - A Tale of Two Brothers\|the book they found]] in the [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Wyvern Cave\|Wyvern Cave]] and how two brothers were mentioned who wore masks and could shape-shift. With his search finished and needing time to process his revolution, Korrigan returned to the rest of [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] with [[The Party/Other Party Members/Familiars/Bit\|Bit]]. Sitting near [[The Party/Halfbie\|halfbie]], who was deep in their calculations, he began to cast a new spell he'd learnt called Find Steed that was fashioned to look like a miniature [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/The Auditors/Uti †\|Uti †]] so [[The Party/Other Party Members/Familiars/Bit\|Bit]] would be kept company by a familiar face. He called his new summon [[The Party/Other Party Members/Familiars/Bobs\|Bobs]].

Sitting back from their calculations and taking a deep breath, [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] took a moment before returning to work. First, they created a set of Woodcarver's Tools and Tinker's Tools. Once these were completed, they began constructing an Eldritch Cannon with a flamethrower attachment, muttering that they had never tested the blueprint, but it should work.  Soon, they had constructed their machine, and it commanded it with a quick incantation to begin melting the [[Other Information/Gold\|gold]] into bars. As night began to fall, [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] cast Leomund's Tiny Hut as none of them were sure if, with [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/The Auditors/Uti †\|Uti †]] gone, the skeletons would stop animating. As the sky turned dark, the skeletons began to stand up, but instead of slowly walking around aimlessly, they began to line up and march towards the castle, completely ignoring [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]].

Nervous of what this could mean, Korrigan summoned [[The Party/Other Party Members/Familiars/Zephyr\|Zephyr]] while [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Wurinn Fuuldrusch]] used his Beast Sense ability to see through the bird's eyes. The bird flew over to the cast with great speed, and [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] watched in horror as the skeletons all filed into the cast. The rest of [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] replicated his expression as he narrated what he saw. Korrigan then commands the bird to go inside, and [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|drache]] describes an alarming scene: All of the skeletons are in ordered lines and completely filled the dining hall. all of them were kneeling before the throne, with the ones nearest kneeling with their arms reaching out to touch the throne. [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] described it as if they were waiting for something. [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai Reverence]]'s face went pale (for a [[Other Information/Races/Tiefling\|Tiefling]]) as they realised that all of this might be connected to the crown that currently sat on their head. Korrigan makes the same realisation as he checks this friend to ensure they're not being controlled luckily, they weren't.

Mordecai wonders aloud if [[Books, Documents & Artefacts/Artefacts/The Crown of the Lost\|The Crown of the Lost]]'s curse would weaken as they move further away from [[Locations/Itone Isles\|Itone Isles]]. Without looking up from their machine, [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] absent-mindedly explained that it was tied to them because it was a possession curse. No amount of running away would weaken it.  Mordecai snaps at [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]], detesting their choice of words and sarcastically thanks them for their help. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] misses the sarcasm and says no problem. Not caring if [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] had fallen for the sarcasm or being annoying, Mordecai snarkily tells them to be quiet and keep playing with their toys. Turning to face Mordecai for the first time in hours, [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] exclaims, "This-" gesturing to the Eldritch Cannon ", Is it not a toy, it's a machine." 

[[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]]'s voice was tinged with irritation, something no one had heard from them before. They didn't wait for a reply before returning to the device and tinkering with the magic circuits. Ignoring the Eldarin, Mordecai wonders if going to [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/The All-Father Temple\|The All-Father Temple]] could help since they have a lot of knowledge of the Gods. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]], mainly to themselves, says this could work if they talked to [[Named Characters & Beasts/Malin\|Malin]] and see if he knows anything about the curse. Before Mordecai can comment on the fact that there is no way [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] could know [[Named Characters & Beasts/Malin\|Malin]], Korrigan asks if [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Seifer Willow ‡\|Seifer Willow ‡]] is still talking to them. Mordecai explains that they don't speak often, but when they do, Mordecai ignores them as they want nothing to do with them. While saying this, [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Seifer Willow ‡\|Seifer Willow ‡]] tells Mordecai that they don't really have a reason to talk often - especially after "[[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Ebis Daro\|that bitch]] stole my [[Books, Documents & Artefacts/Artefacts/Firesoul Greatsword\|Firesoul Greatsword]]." 

While Mordecai begins to argue with the voice, [[The Party/Aidan Knight\|Aidan Knight]] leans to [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] and asks why Mordecai is now arguing with the voice if they aren't on speaking terms. [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] has no clue but states that it might be better not to get involved. Once they were finished arguing with the voice in their head, they began to wonder if  [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Seifer Willow ‡\|Seifer Willow ‡]] is able to talk to people using the message spell. Thinking back, they remembered that one of the workers at the [[Locations/Uvam Dynasty/Minatota/Nightshade's Crown\|Nightshade's Crown]] was possessed once, and they reported that the curse could feel and use all of the body's senses, so they most likely could do this - terrifying Mordecai. Panicked, Mordecai expresses the need to solve this curse as soon as possible; otherwise, things could become much more complicated. Composing themselves, Mordecai half-jokingly states that they could try and be as annoying as possible so that [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Seifer Willow ‡\|Seifer Willow ‡]] wouldn't want to talk to them anyway, leaving [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] in hysterics. 

Aidan wonders if there are many differences between Mordecai's and his possessions. But from his vantage point, it's hard to tell what these are, it is clear, however, that there are a few similarities. 

They all turned for the night, with [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] keeping the cannon going until the early hours of the morning, knowing that they could just meditate in the morning. Korrigan took over watch for the last few hours, eager to know what would happen to the skeletons in the morning. As the sun began to rise, Korrigan watched as the skeletons left the castle and lay on the ground. 

When everyone awoke, they found that [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] was able to create 22 [[Other Information/Gold\|gold]] bars. Looking at the bars, [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] was unable to remember why the bars were important but knew they were useful for something and loaded them into the Bag of Holding before everyone set off for the boat to leave the island. They reached the shore relatively easily, where they met with the captain and [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Obeus Yelris\|Obeus Yelris]], with them both wondering why they rushed off so quickly after they woke up on the beach. They explained the situation and lied to the captain when he asked if they found anything interesting, saying they found a weird bag and nothing else.

The captain is too worried about [[Groups & Factions/The Golden Fleet\|The Golden Fleet]] to care if they're lying and asks what they want to do. They could take the long way around and avoid the fleet or go the same way they came and potentially have a run-in with a fleet that wants revenge. The group decided to go the long way around and take the route past [[Locations/Kearlin Atoll/Kearlin Atoll\|Kearlin Atoll]] rather than [[Locations/Fort Moldan\|Fort Moldan]] since [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] explained that they were a trading nation and would most likely not engage with them at all. Mordecai says they would be interested in seeing [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]]'s home nation for reasons they wouldn't elaborate on. The captain starts heading in the general direction of [[Locations/Kearlin Atoll/Kearlin Atoll\|Kearlin Atoll]]. 

After travelling for a few days, the dense fog around their ship began to thin, and as the boat got closer to [[Locations/Kearlin Atoll/Kearlin Atoll\|Kearlin Atoll]], the climate became more temperate, and they realised none had seen a boat in a very long time. Soon, on their left, they saw the edge of sandy shores with many tents dotted about. Korrigan asks if [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] wants to go home, and they say no because they're on an adventure, which is much more exciting. Korrigan can tell that this isn't the whole truth. Mordecai uses the message spell to ask if they're lying, and korrigan says they're not, much to Mordecai's annoyance. Mordecai exclaims that he absolutely doesn't trust [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] they may be powerful, but they can tell they aren't telling the whole story. Korrigan acknowledges this but admits that he actually quite likes the Eldarin; it's almost like having a good version of [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris Tallfellow ‡]] on their team. Mordecai retorts that there are no good people in this world... apart from [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]]. 

Korrigan asks if the voice is good or bad and if we know exactly who they are. Mordecai explains that it's hard to tell if they are good or bad, and the name escapes them, but they're pretty sure they're one of the people that [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris Tallfellow ‡]] mentioned in his notes on [[History & Events/The Sundering\|The Sundering]]. [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Seifer Willow ‡\|Seifer Willow ‡]] says she doesn't care either way, but they should put the crown on [[The Party/The Korrigan\|the Korrigan]] and see if they can learn more about the weird one. Korrigan is quick to point out that the voice had said the crown was useless; was this not the case? [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Seifer Willow ‡\|Seifer Willow ‡]] refused to comment either way. 

This conversation had been done telepathically, leaving the rest of [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] out of the loop. Aidan watched them suspiciously while [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] and [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] became bored and watched the fish, with [[The Party/Halfbie\|halfbie]] telling [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|drache]] facts about each one. Korrigan filled them in on the part of the conversation about [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Seifer Willow ‡\|Seifer Willow ‡]] leaving everyone wanting to learn more about the voice. [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] suggests using [[Named Characters & Beasts/Terence Witherfeather\|Terence Witherfeather]] as they most likely had some form of truth spell. Mordecai reveals they have their own truth spell, much to [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]]'s amazement, citing their gay audacity to do whatever they want when asked how they knew it. Korrigan reveals they have a way to do this, but it'll be pretty invasive for Mordecai.

Mordecai casts Zone of Truth on the crown, fingering [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Seifer Willow ‡\|Seifer Willow ‡]] would also be affected if they shared senses. The spell would force everyone to only be able to speak the truth. Korrigan spent time casting Detect Thoughts on Mordecai to try and gain even more information on the voice. The voice then said, "Damn it, now they're gonna know that the crown is useless."

Through questioning the voice, they learn that her name is [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Seifer Willow ‡\|Seifer Willow ‡]], confirming many of their suspicions [^1]. Korrigan probes deeper and learns that [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Seifer Willow ‡\|Seifer Willow ‡]] mainly wants what she believes is best for the world. They are increasingly annoyed that someone has escaped with her sword. She wants to retrieve the sword so she can return to life and 'help' humanity. They also think that they are a good person.
[[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Seifer Willow ‡\|Seifer Willow ‡]] finds this incredibly rude, but Korrigan retorts that they could say the same thing about them reading Mordecai's thoughts. [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Seifer Willow ‡\|Seifer Willow ‡]] reasons that they are not doing anything wrong, and it is not their choice that they're now stuck in Mordecai's head. Korrigan explains that they might be inclined to help them if [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Seifer Willow ‡\|Seifer Willow ‡]] would help them. He asks her if she knows anything about the man in the red mask, and she says that she doesn't, much to their confusion. prompting Mordecai to say they're unsure if the spell had worked properly. Korrigan jokingly says that's because they are obviously not as good of a spellcaster as [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]]. Mordecai slapped korrigan, who didn't retaliate, explaining they probably deserved that. 

Mordecai then turns to [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] and asks, "Are you hiding anything?" to which [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] avoids the question by saying, "There's not a lot of places on this boat to hide anything." Before they could push further, the captain admits (without prompt) that one time he fucked two trolls on this boat when we were illegally smuggling them out of the country. Pointing to a railing and saying [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] may not want to lean there. [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] immediately moves away, slightly disgusted. The captain then pointed to various areas of the ship, detailing his various Sex-capades with all kinds of hookers and his many 'boy toys.'

Mordecai quickly got back on track and explained how they thought [[The Party/Halfbie\|halfbie]] was hiding something, "I can feel it in my bones." [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] remarks that it is a bizarre place to feel something and they should go to the doctor. Korrigan transfers his spell to [[The Party/Halfbie\|halfbie]] and began to read their surface thoughts. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] is mainly thinking about how weird this line of questioning is and how strange Mordecai is, but more importantly, korrigan is confronted with a lot of rage that seems to be in the background of all these thoughts. Upon seeing this rage, Korrigan quickly exited [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]]'s thoughts, transferring to [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]]'s to calm down. The experience visibly shook Korrigan to his core. Meanwhile, [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] was trying his best not to think about [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/PC Backstory Characters/Emmeline\|Emmeline]]. 

Seeing that he wasn't going to get anywhere with [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]], Mordecai asked if they should continue to [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Baytown\|Baytown]] or stop at [[Locations/Kearlin Atoll/Paraton\|Paraton]]. Mordecai voted for [[Locations/Kearlin Atoll/Paraton\|Paraton]] just because they wanted the opportunity to mess with [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]]. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] explained that they could go [[Locations/Kearlin Atoll/Paraton\|Paraton]], but it's another day's journey at the very least, and there isn't much there anyway. The rest voted for [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Baytown\|Baytown]], and the captain steered the boat away from [[Locations/Kearlin Atoll/Kearlin Atoll\|Kearlin Atoll]]- much to Mordecai's annoyance. They soon reach the [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Baytown\|Baytown]] port, and the boat docks as the captain exclaims how good the return journey went and that he hopes they would consider travelling with him again, as long as [[Groups & Factions/The Golden Fleet\|the golden fleet]] wasn't involved in the next one.

[[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] thanked the captain for this help while [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] quietly commented on how weird it was that the captain kept talking about his Sex life even after the truth spell ended and no one wanted to know more. Mordecai asked how they would find him again if he had a name that everyone knew him by. The captain chuckles before telling them he doesn't use names with usual clients and goes by [[Named Characters & Beasts/Lil Boat Boy\|Lil Boat Boy]][^2]. They awkwardly waved goodbye before heading for [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/The All-Father Temple\|The All-Father Temple]], and [[Named Characters & Beasts/Malin\|Malin]] [[The Party/Halfbie\|halfbie]] added. Mordecai stormed off, exclaiming, 'They know so much but so little.' [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] said they felt this description fitted Mordecai a lot better than them. 

Korrigan walks with them for a while before talking about his plan with [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris Tallfellow ‡]] to open a portal to the [[Locations/Feywild/Feywild\|Feywild]] using the power of [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Towers\|The Towers]]. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] admits that something inside them lurches at the idea, making them want to do it, but they know that doing something like this could wreak havoc upon the entire Amber Realms. Korrigan rebuts this by asking how interesting it would be to know what would happen if portals were opened to every plane of existence. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] admits that this would be very interesting to see and research, but they're not if it was worth risking the world over. Korrigan looks a little disheartened and walks on ahead, humming a tune that he heard in Mordecai's head while he had [[detect-thoughts\|Detect Thoughts]] active. Mordecai flinches when they hear the tune. It was a song he had been working on, and it wasn't finished yet.

Aidan asked what they were talking about when they mentioned something that could destroy the world. Korrigan retorts that it's none of his business. Aidan argues that if it destroys the world that he is living in, then it definitely is his problem. Korrigan argues that no one knows what is happening as none of them knew or thought to ask [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris Tallfellow ‡]] deeper questions about his plans like Korrigan did. He began ranting about how no one knew who Chenris was like he did, and constantly made him feel bad. He reveals that he blamed Mordecai for the majority of this guilt-tripping, casting the [[silence\|silence]] spell on them. Mordecai appeared to be screaming their reply; none of it could be heard due to the spell.

[[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] carried on with their march to the temple mostly in silence, apart from the occasional bird being identified by [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]]. By this point, the silence spell had warned off Mordecai, but they remained quiet as well. This whole time, [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Seifer Willow ‡\|Seifer Willow ‡]] had been whispering to them about how easy it was for [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] to fall apart and turn on each other and how little Mordecai was appreciated within the group. Mordecai did their best to ignore them, but on a deep level, a lot of what she was saying he was beginning to agree with or had thought about before. 

[[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] was the first to properly break the silence when he pulled korrigan to the back of the convoy for some privacy. He tentatively asked korrigan about his outburst earlier. Korrigan recognised what he said and did was wrong but notably didn't apologise. [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] picks up on this, asking korrigan to go apologise to Mordecai. He noted that everyone has a lot of stuff that they don't always want to discuss. Mordecai is currently under a huge amount of pressure as they grapple with their new situation, and although he doesn't fully understand it, it should still be kept in mind. Korrigan agrees, his reply trailing off as he says it. [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|drache]] looked satisfied with his one-to-one chat, and before heading off, he acknowledged that Korrigan was quite possibly the person that [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris Tallfellow ‡]] was the closest to in [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]], and if he needed some time to grieve, he just needed to say. 

As [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] began to take his leave, Korrigan spoke up properly, saying, "I find this all so confusing. I was in your head, you know? I saw all that anger you've got welling up.". Draceh smiled, saying that that anger was always there and probably always will be, but the important thing is that it's directed at his loved ones. Korrigan wasn't impressed, instead saying, "You know [[Gods & Heralds/Lorwyn/Lorwyn\|Lorwyn]] will get bored of waiting at some point. When that happens, I will be marching on right down to [[Locations/Important Locations & Nations/Lost Haven\|Lost Haven]] and destroying that tower... you know there aren't many of those left any more, right?" Korrigan's expression was barely readable as he waited for the [[Other Information/Races/Dragonborn\|Dragonborn]]'s reply. [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]]'s reply was quick but tight, "That doesn't really matter; all that does is that I live what little time I have in this world the best way I can." Korrigan was taken aback before agreeing with him.

As they carry on their journey through [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/The Dawn Empire\|The Dawn Empire]], small chatter begins again as they find themselves having to feel the uneasy quiet of the nation. [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/The Dawn Empire\|The Dawn Empire]] was typically loud and bustling with traders and travellers, but the roads were now quiet. None could tell if this was because the nation was healing or if it was slowly being abandoned. It was now getting dark, so they stopped by an unnamed village near [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/Steelwick/Steelwick\|Steelwick]]. They found a local pub that had some beds available and walked in. The pub was incredibly run down and mostly empty. Behind the bar was a small Gnome who asked what they wanted. Mordecai asked how business was nowadays, and the gnome said it was quiet as not many people travel past anymore. Mordecai explains that they could put on a show to attract more customers in return for some food and shelter.

The Gnome admits that they would've offered those for free, but they definitely wouldn't say no to a show. They ask why the barkeeper wouldn't charge if they aren't receiving many customers, and he just says their no point, so they might as well get rid of everything.  korrigan Wild Shapes into a cat and tries to join the show by jumping through hoops and doing various tricks. Some farmers come in to watch the show and enjoy it, getting drinks. The bartender notably refuses to charge for these drinks. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] asks why they won't charge, as it seems Gnome has fallen on hard times, the Gnome repeats what they said earlier and offers a drink. [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] takes advantage of this and gets a free Ale, while [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] doesn't know what to drink, so Mordecai slyly suggests that they should have Absinthe. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] believes them and orders the drink and sips it after being told so by the bartender, who looks incredibly worried.

[[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] quickly become tipsy as they sip their drink. Notably, their voice becomes a [[The Party/Other Party Members/Familiars/Bit\|bit]] deeper than usual, confusing Mordecai, but they try to ignore it as they continue their show. Other than the voice, they take the drink well, and after being egged on, they order another drink, sipping faster. This happens again, as they seem relatively fine and they order another drink. This time, it hits them like a tonne of bricks, and they nearly fall off their chair. [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] rushes over to see if they are ok, but when [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] responds, they sound a lot like [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris Tallfellow ‡]] causing [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] to freeze whatever they are doing. korrigan happened to be mid-jump and came crashing down to the floor and out of his wild shape. The room was silent as [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]], in Chenris' voice, questioned them on what was wrong, wondering if they had broken a glass or spilt their drink. 

Mordecai begins to hyperventilate and screams that [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] isn't chenris and has stolen his voice. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] becomes even more confused as Mordecai runs away, causing uproar among the farmers enjoying the show. Korrigan quickly recovered and decided to test a theory by casting Illusory Script and addressing a note to Chenris saying, "Would you like another drink?" [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] is able to read the script easily and question why Korrigan asked them in writing and not just out loud. Korrigan nearly faints at the revelation; [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|drache]] manages to catch him and stands korrigan upright. Korrigan then decides to write another note, this time addressed to [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]], pausing only momentarily as he realised they didn't know [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]]'s last name. Either way, they could read the note, still confused about why korrigan wasn't speaking out loud, wondering if this was some strange drinking custom they weren't aware of. Korrigan and Mordecai storm off to their rooms in a strange mixture of confusion and fury. [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] asks what is going on, and [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] says it would be better to talk to those two in the morning about it as he doesn't feel it is his place to comment on their feelings.

The next morning, [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|drache]] woke up [[The Party/Halfbie\|halfbie]], only to find them incredibly hungover and with no memory of what happened the night before, whether from the alcohol or something else was unclear. [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] rushes over to Korrigan and Mordecai's room to explain the situation. They just shooed him away as it was too early in the morning for them to think about [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]]. Korrigan smugly says that he'll take a page out of [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]]'s book, repress his emotions, and forget about last night. [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] eyes him but refuses to say anything in response. [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Seifer Willow ‡\|Seifer Willow ‡]] exclaims how easy it was for everyone to fall out with each other and that Mordecai would be better off just leaving [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]]. Mordecai decided to write down a list of everyone they needed to talk to, as they had many things to do and say. [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Seifer Willow ‡\|Seifer Willow ‡]] questions if they would be on this list, reasoning that if they're going to be together for the foreseeable future, they should at least try to get along. Mordecai tries to hold back a breakdown as they ignore the voice. 

Mordecai soon recovers as they get ready to head out, now more desperate to tho [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/The All-Father Temple\|The All-Father Temple]] to get answers for what was happening to [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]]. [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] announces he'll fetch some water for [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]], leaving the two alone to talk. Korrigan offered to speak to them about last night. Mordecai says it might not be good if either of them spoke to them as they were angry, and Korrigan had no filter. Korrigan admits that he was working on it, but he was struggling to understand people's customs when he only knew the [[Locations/Feywild/Feywild\|Feywild]]'s customs. 

Mordecai admits that it might be best if [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Drache]] looked after [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] for the time being, and Korrigan takes a [[The Party/Other Party Members/Familiars/Bit\|bit]] of offence. but they both made up quickly and redoubled their efforts to reach  [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/The All-Father Temple\|The All-Father Temple]]. As they spoke, Korrigan accidentally started talking about [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Seifer Willow ‡\|Seifer Willow ‡]] being good, leading to Mordecai telling them off for gunning for the bad person. Still, [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Seifer Willow ‡\|Seifer Willow ‡]] makes them doubt this when they say that they always lied and deceived people and that much can be counted on. Mordecai asks if [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Seifer Willow ‡\|Seifer Willow ‡]] is they also hear the song that loops in their head constantly, and they definitely do. Korrigan likes the music, and Seifer likes the song but hates the constant repeat of it. 

Mordecai switches the conversation and explains that they never tried to change Chenris. They were fine—a little annoying at times. Mordecai just wanted to make sure that Chenris wasn't being self-destructive. They just wanted to help as it slowly became clear that they were falling. Korrigan understands. They admit that most of what they said yesterday were emotional outbursts, and they weren't intended to hurt people. Korrigan offhandedly mentions that Chenris is back. Otherwise, how would his spell have worked? Mordecai wasn't aware of this, as they were mid-breakdown when Korrigan did his experiment. Korrigan looked at Mordecai with pity and asked if they wanted to talk over tea downstairs; Mordecai said they would like that. After explaining what happened, Mordecai says they don't like that chenris and [[The Party/Halfbie\|Halfbie]] might be two people sharing one body. 


Mordecai wonders to himself why [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Seifer Willow ‡\|Seifer Willow ‡]] is always so encouraging. [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Seifer Willow ‡\|Seifer Willow ‡]] wonders why they would do that as well, as she already got half of what they wanted for now. Korrigan asks what she is saying, and Mordecai says they forget that no one else can hear them. [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Seifer Willow ‡\|Seifer Willow ‡]] says they can make it so people can hear them. Before Mordecai can say anything, Mordecai's mouth begun to move on its own as [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Seifer Willow ‡\|Seifer Willow ‡]] introduced herself through Mord's mouth forcibly, leaving both stunned into silence. [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Seifer Willow ‡\|Seifer Willow ‡]] apologised, explaining that they could take control of a lot more of their body, but they don't because they are friends, and she didn't want to upset Mordecai. 

They both began to wonder if taking [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Seifer Willow ‡\|Seifer Willow ‡]] to the temple was such a good idea as they would essentially be taking her to the other follower of [[Gods & Heralds/Ignatius/Ignatius\|Ignatius]]. [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Seifer Willow ‡\|Seifer Willow ‡]] chuckles and explains that if they desperately wanted to go there, then she could just force Mordecai to walk there whenever she wanted, leaving Mordecai to panic about how in control they really were. 


[^1]: [[The Party/Other Party Members/Meta/James Absolom\|James Absolom]] later revealed that [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/Seifer Willow ‡\|Seifer Willow ‡]] passed the saving throw, and so wasn't under any obligation to speak the truth, and it is unknown if she lied during their process. 
[^2]: His boat may be little, but something else definitely isn't. 
