---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/gods-and-heralds/chronovorus/the-ethertwist-haunter/","updated":"2024-12-31T21:59:58.545+00:00"}
---

[[Gods & Heralds/Herald\|Herald]] of [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/Chronovorus\|Chronovorus]], who takes children and drains them of their remaining years to give to [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/Chronovorus\|Chronovorus]]. He presides over [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/The Black Forest\|The Black Forest]], where he spends a lot of his time watching the realms and waiting for the end of time. After completing [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/The Black Ritual\|The Black Ritual]], for the first time, it was revealed that the [[Gods & Heralds/Herald\|herald]] was once the Second-born child of the family [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] met while searching for [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/The Pages\|The Pages]]. 

### The Herald's Story
The man explains that he used to live in a place known as [[Locations/Snowport\|Snowport]], a place to the north that was extremely cold and unforgiving. They wanted to move somewhere warmer to raise their family. The man reveals that the Emperor of [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/The Dawn Empire\|The Dawn Empire]] invited people to come settle in this land they are in, however, the only way to get there is to sail with [[Groups & Factions/The Golden Fleet\|The Golden Fleet]]. This fleet of pirates took most of their [[Other Information/Gold\|gold]] and treated them like filth, with them nearly dying many times. Halfway through the journey, the ship encountered a storm that threatened to snap the vessel in two. In a desperate bid to survive, they made a deal with [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/Chronovorus\|Chronovorus]]. In exchange for their second-born's life, they would be guaranteed safe passage to the OFC. The family, weak and mentally broken, foolishly accepted God's tantalising offer. They arrived safe enough but as they stepped foot on the land now known as the OFC, they watched in horror as the wife's belly started to radiate black smoke. With [[Gods & Heralds/Chronovorus/Chronovorus\|Chronovorus]]’ laughter as a backing track, the woman's baby disappeared, claimed by the cruel God.

### History
- It later appeared in [[Locations/Ehobel/Caalona\|Caalona]] where it murdered many Elves and screamed in [[The Party/Mordecai Reverence\|Mordecai Reverence]] 's head that this would never have happened if they had completed the ritual and freed it.