---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/named-characters-and-beasts/genevieve/","tags":["NPC"],"updated":"2025-04-26T18:51:59.332+01:00"}
---


### Overview
Genevieve is the former leader of [[Locations/Important Locations/The Emerald Fort\|The Emerald Fort]] and a known [[Other Information/Perpetual\|Perpetual]]. Before her death, she ran the fort for over 200 years but her family have controlled the fort for 1000s of years. She fought in [[History & Events/The Sundering\|The Sundering]] as a part of [[Groups & Factions/The Coalition\|The Coalition]] and is considered a fair leader, but extremely money-driven. 

### Notable Information & History 
- During [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] 's first encounter with her, she revealed [[Named Characters & Beasts/Historically Significant  Characters/The Sundering Characters/Caden SteelBreaker †\|Caden SteelBreaker †]] 's previous allegiance to [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/The Dawn Empire\|The Dawn Empire]] and his involvement in [[History & Events/The Sundering\|The Sundering]]. 
- Genevieve also remembers [[The Party/Wurinn Fuuldrusch\|Wurinn Fuuldrusch]] from before he left [[Locations/Important Locations/The Tulan Fort\|The Tulan Fort]] to chase after his lover [[Named Characters & Beasts/Important Characters/PC Backstory Characters/Emmeline\|Emmeline]], a member of her fort. Thankfully she didn't punish Drache but was disappointed in him for abandoning his post and causing someone else to leave theirs. 
- [[The Party/Dead/Chenris Tallfellow ‡\|Chenris Tallfellow ‡]] and [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] managed to negotiate a deal with her to defend the [[Locations/OFC/Organisation of Free Cities (OFC)\|OFC]] from [[Locations/The Dawn Empire/The Dawn Empire\|The Dawn Empire]]. They had to make a deal that included the [[Locations/OFC/Organisation of Free Cities (OFC)\|OFC]] giving a 40% cut of all taxes and bribes/ extortion money.
- Genevieve played an important role during [[History & Events/The War for the OFC's Freedom\|The War for the OFC's Freedom]]. She was monumental in aiding the war effort and organising troops for [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] 's war plans. During the war, she took charge of the airships and was monumentally able to gain air superiority. Genevieve's biggest act during the war was also her greatest sacrifice, she sacrificed her life for [[Other Information/Display Tags/The Party\|The Party]] in their final moments to make sure the war was won and that the [[Locations/OFC/Organisation of Free Cities (OFC)\|OFC]] was free.